in the beginning of the reign of
Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of
Judah this word came to Jeremiah from
the Lord thus says the Lord to me make
for yourselves bonds and yokes and put
them on your neck and send them to the
king of Edom the king of Moab the king
of the ammonites the king of tyre and
the king of Sidon by the hand of the
messengers who come to Jerusalem to
sendagaya king of Judah and command them
to say to their masters thus says the
Lord of hosts the God of Israel thus you
shall say to your masters I have made
the earth the man and the beasts that
are on the ground by my great power and
by my outstretched arm and have given it
to whom it seemed proper to me and now I
have given all these lands into the hand
of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon my
servant and the beasts of the field I
have also given him to serve Him so all
nations shall serve Him and his son and
his son's son until the time of his land
comes and then many nations and great
kings shall make him serve them and it
shall be that the nation and Kingdom
which will not serve Nebuchadnezzar the
king of Babylon and which will not put
its neck under the yoke of the king of
Babylon that nation I will punish says
the Lord with the sword the famine and
the pestilence until I have consumed
them by his end therefore do not listen
to your prophets your diviners your
dreamers your sooth says all your
sorcerers who speak to you saying you
shall not serve the king of Babylon for
they prophesy a lie to you to remove you
far from your land and I will drive you
out and you will
Parrish but the nations that bring their
necks under the yoke of the king of
Babylon and serve him I will let them
remain in their own land and they shall
till it and dwell in it I also spoke to
said the kaya king of Judah according to
all these words saying bring your necks
under the yoke of the king of Babylon
and serve Him and his people and live
why will you die
you and your people by the sword by the
famine and by the pestilence as the Lord
has spoken against the nation that will
not serve the king of Babylon therefore
do not listen to the words of the
prophets who speak to you saying you
shall not serve the king of Babylon for
they prophesy a lie to you for I have
not sent them says the Lord yet they
prophesy a lie in my name that I may
drive you out and that you may perish
you and the prophets who prophesy to you
also I spoke to the priests and to all
this people saying thus says the Lord do
not listen to the words of your prophets
who prophesy to you saying behold the
vessels of the Lord's house will now
shortly be brought back from Babylon for
they prophesy a lie to you do not listen
to them serve the king of Babylon and
live why should the city be laid waste
but if they are prophets and if the word
of the Lord is with them let them now
make intercession to the Lord of Hosts
that the vessels which are left in the
house of the Lord in the house of the
king of Judah and at Jerusalem do not go
to Babylon for thus says the Lord of
hosts concerning the pillars concerning
the sea concerning the carts and
concerning the remainder of the vessels
that remain in this city which
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon did not
take when he carried away captive
Kanaya the son of Jehoiakim king of
Judah from Jerusalem to Babylon and all
the nobles of Judah and Jerusalem yes
thus says the Lord of hosts the God of
Israel
concerning the vessels that remain in
the house of the Lord and in the house
of the king of Judah and of Jerusalem
they shall be carried to Babylon and
there they shall be until the day that I
visit them says the Lord then I will
bring them up and restore them to this
place